Support GitHub Codespaces, fixes #3914 (#4476)
drud/ddev: docs/content/users/install/docker-installation.md

    With [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io) you don’t have to install anything at all. Docker is all set up for you. 

=== "Codespaces"

    ## GitHub Codespaces

>     With [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces) everything you need to do is done in the [DDEV Installation](ddev-installation.md#github-codespaces) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can set up [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces) following the instructions in the [DDEV Installation](ddev-installation.md#github-codespaces) section.
```
